# CS211
Computer Architecture 01:198:211 This course covers the fundamental issues in the design of modern computer systems, including the design and implementation of key hardware components such as the processor, memory, and I/O devices, and the software/hardware interface.  Credits:  4 Prerequisite:  01:198:112 or 14:332:351. Credit not given for this course and 14:332:331.   Please note that courses for which a student has received a grade of D cannot be used to satisfy prerequisite requirements. Topics:  C programming Data representation and computer arithmetic Assembly language programming Boolean algebra Basic digital logic design Processor design Cache design Main memory design Expected Work:  3-4 programming assignments, homework assignments, and class participation.  Exams:  1-2 midterm exams and a final exam. Learning Goals:  Computer Science majors ... will be prepared to contribute to a rapidly changing field by acquiring a thorough grounding in the core principles and foundations of computer science (e.g., techniques of program design, creation, and testing; key aspects of computer hardware; algorithmic principles). will acquire a deeper understanding on (elective) topics of more specialized interest, and be able to critically review, assess, and communicate current developments in the field. will be prepared for the next step in their careers, for example, by having done a research project (for those headed to graduate school), a programming project (for those going into the software industry), or some sort of business plan (for those going into startups). Semester: 
